Update the "new release" issue template (#7607)
osquery/osquery: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/New_Release.md

## Before creating a GitHub tag

- [ ] Review the [milestones](https://github.com/osquery/osquery/milestones), move unfinished issues to the next release, close the milestone.

> - [ ] Ask for a Technical Steering Committee member to make a GitHub tag.
> - [ ] Assure that testable packages are available on the Releases page, and announce to the `#core` channel on Slack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Ask for a Technical Steering Committee member to make a GitHub tag.
- [ ] Trigger [code signing workflow](https://github.com/osquery/osquery-codesign/actions/workflows/release-generator.yml)
- [ ] Assure that testable packages are available on the Releases page, and announce to the `#core` channel on Slack.
```

## After creating a GitHub tag

- [ ] If the `CHANGELOG.md` hasn't already been updated, update it in a new Pull Request, review and merge it. It should reflect everything done up to the tagged version commit.

> - [ ] Assure that the ChangeLog shows up in the [tag release notes](https://github.com/osquery/osquery/tags).
> - [ ] Create packages and upload to S3 (for download use only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Assure that the ChangeLog shows up in the [tag release notes](https://github.com/osquery/osquery/tags).

## Promoting to Stable
- [ ] Use [code signing workflow](https://github.com/osquery/osquery-codesign/actions/workflows/release-generator.yml) to build packages and upload to S3
```
